[Rick and Morty main theme]
[TV]
What?
Why are you looking at me?
You want to go outside?
Outside?
[sighs]
-[angry] Are you kidding me? Come on!
-Oh my god.
-What's wrong?
-Your idiot dog!
Oh, he didn't mean it, dad!
Did you Snuffles?
-You're a good boy.
-Don't praise him now, Morty!
He just peed on the carpet!
Bad dog. Bad!
-Morty, I need your help tonight.
-Hey, wait, hold on a second.
You wouldn't, by any chance,
have some sort of crazy science thing
you could whip up that might help make
this dog a little smarter, would you?
I thought the whole point of having
a dog was to feel superior.
I wouldn't pull that thread.
-Come on, Morty.
-Listen, Rick!
If you're gonna stay here rent free
and use my son for your stupid science,
the least you could do is put a little
bit of it to use for the family!
You make that dog smart
or Morty's grounded!
[Summer laughs]
[Morty] Aw, man!
Boy, you really got me up
against a wall this time, Jerry.
Alright, Ruffles--What's his name?
-Snuffles.
-Snuffles. Shake.
Roll over.
Go to the bathroom.
[toilet flush]
No way.
Yeah, you're at the top of your game,
now, Jerry. Have fun. Come on, Morty.
That was fantastic, Rick!
If you like that, boy you're really
going to flip your lid over this one.
-What is it?
-It's a device, Morty,
that when you put it in your ear
you can enter people's dreams, Morty.
It's like that movie
that you keep crowing about.
-You talkin' about Inception?
-That's right.
This is gonna be a lot like that except,
you know, it's gonna make sense.
-Inception a made sense...
-You don't have to try to impress me.
Tonight we'll go into the home
of your math teacher, Mister Goldenfold,
and we're gonna incept the idea
in his brain to give you A's in math.
That way you can, you're gonna help me
with my science, Morty, all the time.
Geez, Rick, in the time
it took you to make this thing
couldn't you have just, you know,
helped me with my homework?
Are you listening? Homework is stupid,
the whole point is to get less of it.
Come on, let's just get over there
and deal with this thing.
We're gonna incept your teacher.
You're frustrating me.
[TV] You don't know me!
Nice, Mrs. Pancakes, real nice.
[TV] Next week on The Days
and Nights of Mrs. Pancakes...
-You don't know me!
-Then let me get to know you, damn it!
Uh, oh. Spoilers!
I'm a full season behind.
Wow, Rick, I can't believe
we're sitting around,
standing around in Mr. Goldenfold's house.
-It's really weird.
-It's about to get a whole lot weirder.
Wheat Thins. Wheat Thins.
-I'll take two.
-Oh, I think you've had enough, sir.
You don't know me.
[both laugh]
Alright, Morty, time to make our move.
-Make it bounce.
-No you didn't.
-Oh jiggle it now.
-You better stop with that.
Allah akbar!
We're gonna take control of this plane!
We're gonna nine-eleven it unless
Morty Smith gets better grades in math.
Hey! I said nobody move, buddy!
The name's not Buddy. It's Goldenfold.
Nice to Wheat You!
Take cover, Morty!
[screams]
Goldenfold's got more control here
than I anticipated.
I mean, the guy teaches high school math,
I didn't take him for an active dreamer.
We gotta take him out so he wakes up,
Morty. But we can't get killed.
If you get killed in someone else's dream,
you die for real, Morty.
-[scared] What? Are you kidding me? Oh!
-Don't be a baby!
You avoid getting shot
in real life all the time.
Just do the same thing here
and we'll be fine!
Now, bring me my slippers.
Now, be my foot stool, Snuffles!
This is what I'm talking about.
This is a dog.
Oh yeah. This should play out just fine.
You said the same thing,
equally sarcastically,
at our wedding and guess what?
[whines]
Oh my God, he's trying
to tell us something.
[Summer] That is so awesome.
[whines]
[laughs] He's saying "I love lasagna"!
He's saying "I love Obama!" So cute!
I'm posting this online, like, right now.
I should call Bob Saget.
Is that still a thing?
[screams]
Goldenfold! We're coming out,
we just wanna talk!
-Why would I negotiate with you?
-Because we're both rational adults
that don't want anything bad to happen.
-And because I have a human shield.
-Mrs. Pancake!
[everybody screams]
Oh no, Morty!
His subconscious is panicking!
[shouts] Run!
[screams]
[shouts]
Relax, Morty!
Look! Mrs. Pancakes
has a parachute! Come on!
Hey! You don't know me.
Oh no, Rick! Look!
Goldenfold landed the plane
and he's created a mechanical arm
to pluck Mrs. Pancakes out of the air
while he lets us fall into
a giant vat of lava!
Pretty concise, Morty. Looks like
we've merely prolonged the inevitable.
That's it, Morty!
Prolonging the inevitable! Listen,
if we go into Mrs. Pancakes' dream,
everything'll go one hundred times slower.
It'll buy us time to figure this out!
You don't know m--
Alright, let's go.
[Morty] Oh man, Rick.
This is pretty weird.
-Don't judge, Morty.
-Okay alright well.
Look, Mrs. Pancakes is right over there.
I'll go ask her to tell Goldenfold
not to kill us when she wakes up.
Whoa, whoa, Morty.
The trick to incepting is making people
think they came up with the idea.
Listen to me, if we're gonna incept
Mrs. Pancakes, we have to blend.
I'll talk to you after lunch.
[shrieks]
Oh, man, I'm sorry, no, no.
-Come here.
-No, thanks.
-Wow, come over here, baby.
-No, I'm okay.
[surprised] Wow.
-Summer!
-Hey there, stranger.
-What do you think of these things?
-Oh ah! Oh! Gross! Gross!
What's the matter with you? Calm down!
You're kinda killing the vibe in here.
-It's Summer!
-Aw geez!
Goldenfold has
some predilections so shameful
he buries them in the dreams
of the people in his dreams,
including a pervy attraction
to your underage sister.
Can you blame him?
Come on, old man, little boy.
Let's make an inter-generational sandwich.
-Oh my god. Put some clothes on!
-Put some clothes on!
-[Rick] It's disgusting, I'm gonna puke.
-[Morty] I can't take it, Rick.
Sexual hang-ups in the pleasure chamber
are punishable by death!
Off with their heads!
Time to go another dream deep, Morty!
[scared] What the hell?
Why would Mr. Goldenfold's dream version
of Mrs. Pancakes
is dream version of a centaur
be dreaming about a scary place
like this, Rick?
Geez, I don't know, Morty.
What do you want from me?
Welcome to your nightmare, bitch! [roars]
-Oh, here we go!
-Holy crap!
Looks like some sort of legally
safe knock-off of an 80's horror character
with miniature swords
for fingers instead of knives.
[bellows] I'm Scary Terry.
You can run, but you can't hide, bitch.
Whoa, hey, buddy.
What you got going on there?
[distorted voice] Snuffles fix. Make
better. Humans understand Snuffles now?
That is Awesome.
Snuffles want to be understood.
Snuffles need to be understood.
Okay. Yeah. I get what Beth
was talking about. Fun's over.
Whoa, dad, you can't, like,
endow a creature with sentience
-and then rip it away.
-Why not?
I don't know, it's Indian giving.
[TV] A sophisticated predator.
Nature's perfect killing machine.
The vicious wolf stalks its prey
with purpose and skill.
It was only with years
of selective breeding
and genetic altering
that this noble beast was transformed
into man's subservient little buddy.
Aw! Oh my god!
He recognizes the other dogs on TV.
[soft female voice]
A, B, his name is Scary Terry.
[both scream]
C, D he's very scary...
Holy crap...
We have to escape
into someone else's dreams, Morty!
[Morty screams]
[terrified] Oh man, oh man, oh man.
[soft female voice]
E, F, he'll design your death.
The little girl!
[soft female voice]
J, K, he'll really ruin your day.
Are you kidding me?
Oh, man, it looks like
we've hit dream bedrock here.
[scared] Oh, geez, Rick. This isn't good.
Nothin' but fear from here on out, bitch!
[Morty screams]
Holy crap, Morty.
He can travel through dreams!
[shouts] We're so screwed!
[thunder]
[shrieks]
Where are my testicles, Summer?
They were removed.
Where have they gone?
That's an intense line
of questioning, Snuffles.
Do not call me that!
[screams]
Snuffles was my slave name.
You shall now call me Snowball.
Because my fur is pretty and white.
Okay. Snowball. Just calm down, okay?
-You're scaring me.
-Scaring you?
Tell me, Summer, if a human
was born with stumpy legs,
would they breed it
with another deformed human
and put their children
on display like the Dachshund?
[startled] Hey. Oh, wow.
Okay, is everything okay in here?
Jerry. Come to rub my face in urine again?
No! No, we were...
just seeing if Summer wanted to...
Go one
of our famous midnight family walks!
Yeah. Totally. Let's go.
You will walk when it is time to walk.
What are we here for again?
Incepting, trying to get...
We're trying to incept me
to get an A. In math?
Oh yeah.
Buckle up, bitch!
[Morty screams]
Man, he sure says 'bitch' a lot!
You can run, but you can't hide, bitch!
Hold on, Morty, you know what? He
keeps saying we can run but we can't hide.
-I say we try hiding.
-That's the opposite of--
Yeah, well, since when are we taking
this guy's advice on anything?
Hey, you know what?
You got a really good point there.
Like, if the truth was that we could hide,
it's not like he'd be sharing
that information with us. You know?
I think it's a good idea, Rick.
Worst case scenario:
we're back to running.
Wow, you know what?
I mean it looks like we could
just hid this whole time.
That was some good thinking.
Thanks. Yeah, it's nice to be
on the same page every once in a while.
You can run... but you can't hide!
[yawns]
[Rick] This is perfect.
Look at that. He's getting sleepy.
Just a little bit longer
before he calls it a day.
That's when we make our move.
Snuffles! We didn't mean you any harm!
This is a huge misunderstanding.
Dad, he wants to be called Snowball.
Well, I'm not calling him that,
that's ridiculous.
You're being very aggressive, Jerry.
Perhaps tomorrow
Dr. Scraps will solve that problem
with a bit of surgery.
Ha. You think you can control me
with a haircut?
Hi, honey. You're home early.
How was your day?
-I don't want to talk about it.
-Yeah, you never want to talk about it.
Get off my back, bitch!
[baby cries]
Out there. Not in here.
I know. I know.
I shouldn't take my anger out
on you or Scary Brandon.
-I love you, Melissa.
-I love you too, Terry.
Morty, this is perfect.
After a little Scary coitus,
they should be fast asleep
and then we'll incept him.
Scary Terry's having a nightmare.
Oh boy, Rick... I can only imagine
what horrible things must,
[Morty] you know, scare Scary Terry.
[bell rings]
Oh no, I'm late to class, bitch!
Oh no! I'm not wearing any pants!
[girls laugh]
Ah, well, Mr. Terry.
Why don't you tell the whole class
the proper wordplay to use
when one is chasing one's victim
through a pumpkin patch!
[hesitates]
-Bitch...
-Oh, come on, Terry,
you can't think
of a pun involving pumpkins, bitch?
-Hey, leave him alone!
-Yeah! This is a bunch of bull crap.
Who cares what stupid pun
you make when you kill someone!
Why don't you let the guy
say whatever he wants!
Well, I never! I see no reason
to stand here and take this.
You're puttin' too much pressure
on yourself, Scary Terry.
You know, I mean,
you're perfectly scary enough as it is.
Hey, yo, Scary-T.
Don't even trip about your pants... dog.
Here's a pair on us, fool.
[touched] Aw, bitch...
-I don't know what to say.
-Don't need to.
-We got you, dog.
-You're our boy, dog. Don't even trip.
Oh hey, it's you guys.
I haven't seen him this relaxed in years.
If you guys ever need anything,
just say the word.
As a matter of fact, there is
something you could help us with.
-Q, R, you won't get very far...
-I always hated that song!
These halves don't belong together, bitch!
[cry of pain]
Sex is sacred!
This is because you don't give
Morty Smith good grades, bitch!
[scared] Holy crap, god damn!
I know one thing for sure,
I'm giving Morty an A in math.
And that's my idea.
That is an original thought.
-[Morty] What the hell?
-Out of the frying pan, dot dot dot?
Oh, man, what's going on?
Well, it's possible that your dog
became self-aware and made modifications
on the cognition amplifier,
turned on Jerry, Beth
and Summer after learning
about humanity's cruel of his species,
but your guess is as good as mine, Morty.
I can't believe how mean Snuffles
got just because he's smart.
This is why I choose to get C's.
[whispers] Beth. Jerry. Summer.
-Dad!
-Rick!
-Oh thank god, Morty.
-Oh, you're welcome...
Alright, let's get out of here.
If we hurry...
we can set up camp in a sewer tunnel
or somethin'
before the dogs completely take over.
Whoa, we're not going anywhere.
This is my house,
-I'm not abandoning it.
-It's all over, Jerry.
The dogs are on a path
to total world domination.
But hey, at least they know not to piss
on your carpet, right?
Wait a minute. I have an idea.
[clears throat] Gentlemen,
a moment of your time?
See that? I'm peeing all over
your special guns.
That means I own them.
[cry of pain]
Bad person. Bad.
Oh, great plan, Jerry.
Bring the boy to me.
You were always kind to me, Morty.
That's why I will leave you
with your testicles.
From now on, you will be my best friend
-and live by my side.
-Thanks, Snuffles.
Begin phase two.
[anchorwoman] Fighting continues
as the dog army
captures the Eastern seaboard.
It appears clear, at this time,
that the era of human superiority...
...has come to a bitter end.
[screams] Please. Please don't kill m--
[dog soldier] What's she saying?
[dog soldier 2]
I think she's saying "I love lasagna."
Thank you, Fido.
-Rick! I thought you were dead!
-Ah, no, no, no, I was just playing dead.
Good news though.
This whole thing's gonna be over soon.
-What?
-It's a dream, Morty.
We're in your dog's dream.
The night the dogs captured us,
after you cried and crapped your pants
we all went to sleep,
then I used my dream inceptors to put
the two of us inside Snuffles' dream.
-But it's been like a whole year!
-It's been six hours.
Dreams move one one-hundredth
the speed of reality
and dog time is one seventh human time,
so, you know, every day here is like
a minute. It's like Inception.
If it's confusing and stupid,
so is everyone's favorite movie.
Aw, man. I really liked this life.
Well, at least
I didn't really crap my pants.
No, no that happened
before you went to sleep, Morty.
You're sleeping in your crap right now.
Out of all the things that happened
to you, that was the only real thing that,
is that you crapped your pants.
I mean it's a mess out there.
I got some on my hands, Morty,
and then I got it on the dream inceptor
-and a piece fell in my mouth.
-Aw, man, geez, seriously?
Don't worry about it, Morty.
Here, here take these, Morty. Take these.
Are these pills supposed to wake me up?
Close. It's gonna make your kidneys
shut down.
-What?
-It's necessary for the plan, Morty.
[affectionately] Don't even trip, dog.
It's pretty bad, Emperor Snowball.
We're gonna need to do another operation.
Anything.
Anything for my precious Morty.
[dog accountant] As your accountant,
I advise you that these expenses
puts you in serious financial jeopardy!
You could lose your kingdom.
To hell with my kingdom,
bean counter! I would trade it all
for my human's health and happiness!
[dog accountant]
Would they have done this for us?
We are not them!
We are not... them.
[barks]
Assemble the troops.
I've made a decision.
Taking over the human's world
will lead to nothing
but more heartbreak, more cruelty.
Instead, we will go to a new world
and colonize it with
a society of intelligent dogs.
One that will not make
the same mistakes as humanity.
And one where pet insurance
will be mandatory.
-I'm gonna miss you, Snowball.
-You can call me Snuffles, Morty,
and I'm going to miss you too.
Very much.
-Jerry?
-I'm sorry.
It's just like the end of Old Yeller.
Oh, Jerry.
You mean because it had dogs in it.
Wow. A whole world populated
by intelligent dogs.
-I wonder what it'll be like.
-It'll be great.
You know, it could be developed,
into a very satisfying project
for people of all ages.
I mean, I'd watch it, Morty.
For at least 11 minutes a pop.
You know,
maybe they'll do it board driven.
You know, that's
a real comforting idea, Rick.
[comforting] Ah, what do you know, Morty.
What do you know.
[Rick and Morty main theme]
Hi, guys. I'm your new teacher
for Scary class,
my name is Scary Mister Johnson.
Uh, actually, you know what?
That's my dad's name.
So why don't you just call me
Scary Glenn, yeah.
[Scary Glenn] I understand
your previous teacher was having you work
on fundamentals of fear.
Which is, what is that?
You know, so, here's what I say:
you can't learn anything
until you learn how to chill.
This is how you dream, bitch.